Announcing women's expenses
There, some Jackkn pistols
coming round
Some rich women
lining the streets
Come and dance to our music
Who am I
Tell me who am I
To celebrate this child's 7th birthday,
I will go to the Buddha's temple.
Toryanse, toryanse,
the snow is good, the return is scary,
I don't see the return.
Where is this?
This is a narrow road.
It's a narrow road for the
Buddha.
To celebrate this child's 7th birthday,
I will go to the Buddha's temple.
Toryanse, toryanse,
the snow is good, the return is scary,
I don't see the return.
Where is this?
This is a narrow road.
It's a narrow road for the Buddha.
To celebrate this child's 7th birthday,
I will go to the Buddha's temple.
Toryanse, toryanse,
the snow is good, the return is scary,
I don't see the return.
The snow is good, the return is scary,
Where is this?
This is a narrow road.
It's a narrow road for the Buddha.
The snow is good, the return is scary,
I don't see the return.